From the evening of July 2nd, a storm came.
The bridge and the military ship were all dead.
The soldiers returned to the village after the battle.
Congratulations.
I was watching the battle with patience.
I knew the trick of the war.
Did you know that?
Yes, I knew it.
The enemy from the sea must be protected by the sea.
That's the trick of the war.
I see.
I see the great land.
The sea is surrounded by the sea.
The war of the sea comes from the sea.
The word of God appeared in the land of the dead.
The great sea is surrounded by the sea.
The world is shining.
The sea is surrounded by the sea.
The great sea is surrounded by the sea.
Thank you for watching.